Add hackathon groups (#2213)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/hackathon-march-2024/index.mdx

| 🇩🇰 Denmark        | Copenhagen | ZS Associates                           | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/denmark-zs.md)               |
| 🇫🇷 France         | Rennes     | IGDR                                    | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/france-igdr.md)              |
| 🇩🇪 Germany        | Heidelberg | GHGA                                    | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/germany-heidelberg.md)       |
| 🇮🇹 Italy          | Pavia      | Dept. Biology and Biotechnology - UniPV | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/italy-unipv.md)              |
| 🇵🇱 Poland         | Kraków     | Ardigen                                 | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/krakow-ardigen.md)           |
| 🇪🇸 Spain          | Barcelona  | CRG                                     | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/bcn-crg.md)                  |
| 🇸🇪 Sweden         | Stockholm  | SciLifeLab                              | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/sweden-scilifelab.md)        |
| 🇬🇧 United Kingdom | London     | Cosyne Therapeutics                     | [Read more](./hackathon-march-2024/UK-London.md)                |

</div>

# Schedule

> The hackathon will run from 10:00 March 18 - 16:00 March 20 (CET). We will do our best to support people in all time zones. 🌎 🌏 🌍

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hackathon will run from 10:00 March 18th - 16:00 March 20th (CET). We will do our best to support people in all time zones. 🌎 🌏 🌍
```
